Nginx Autoinstrumentation Implementation (#2033)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator: README.md

```
List of all available attributes can be found at [otel-webserver-module](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp-contrib/tree/main/instrumentation/otel-webserver-module)

#### Using Nginx autoinstrumentation

> For `Nginx` autoinstrumentation, Nginx version 1.22.0, 1.23.0, and 1.23.1 is supported at this time. The Nginx configuration file is expected to be `/etc/nginx/nginx.conf` by default, if it's different, see following example on how to change it. Instrumentation at this time also expects, that `conf.d` directory is present in the directory, where configuration file resides and that there is a `include <config-file-dir-path>/conf.d/*.conf;` directive in the `http { ... }` section of Nginx configuration file (like it is in the default configuration file of Nginx). You can also adjust OpenTelemetry SDK attributes. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `Nginx` autoinstrumentation, Nginx versions 1.22.0, 1.23.0, and 1.23.1 are supported at this time. The Nginx configuration file is expected to be `/etc/nginx/nginx.conf` by default, if it's different, see following example on how to change it. Instrumentation at this time also expects, that `conf.d` directory is present in the directory, where configuration file resides and that there is a `include <config-file-dir-path>/conf.d/*.conf;` directive in the `http { ... }` section of Nginx configuration file (like it is in the default configuration file of Nginx). You can also adjust OpenTelemetry SDK attributes. Example:
```
